issue #199 Updating broken links (#202)
dfe-analytical-services/analysts-guide: statistics-production/embedded-charts.qmd

Many of the same principles that apply to creating a full R Shiny dashboard apply to creating a custom embeddable charts. These are:

   * [Accessibility](../writing-visualising/dashboards.html#accessibility);
   * [Reliability](../writing-visualising/dashboards.html#code-testing);

>    * [Performance](../writing-visualising/dashboards.html#governance);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Performance](../writing-visualising/dashboards_rshiny.html#dashboard-performance);
```

>    * [Coherent styling](../writing-visualising/dashboards.html#standards-to-follow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * [Coherent styling](../writing-visualising/dashboards_rshiny.html#dfe-styling-and-the-dfe-r-shiny-template).
```
